# Website-design-company-in-Noida
Thumbrule Tech is a premier web design and development agency with delivery center’s in India . We have been providing website design solutions to clients across the world for over 2 years and boast of our extensive experience on website designing and development When you visit a website, web design determines how it looks and feels. It’s the process of planning and constructing the various parts of your website, such as the structure and layout, as well as the photos, colors, fonts, and graphics.  Graphic design, user experience design, interface design, search engine optimization (SEO), and content production are all components of web design that work together to produce the final experience of a website. These aspects influence how a website appears, feels, and functions across a variety of devices. If you want to learn more about how to design a website, check out our comprehensive guide. Web design is distinct from web development, which is the coding that allows a website to function. You’ll need both web design and web development while creating a website. Although web designers can also be web and UX developers, these are two different skill sets. First impressions are crucial. We can’t emphasize this enough: if you don’t have a solid web presence, you’re limiting your brand’s potential. Customers who search the internet for your brand and find nothing may believe you’ve closed your doors. They’ll get the sense that you don’t care about your company or goods if they search and find anything poor. By getting your web design right, you can make every relationship that starts on your website a fantastic one. Now that you know what’s what and who’s who, let’s take a look at some of the telltale indications of exceptional web design and what sets it apart from less-than-stellar web design.
